you
in this lecture we're going to talk
about the text access in the previous
lecture we talked about the natural
remedy content analysis we explained
that the state-of-the-art natural remedy
processing techniques are still not good
enough to process a lot of unrestricted
text data in a robust manner as a result
bag-of-words recognition remains very
popular in applications neither search
engines in this lecture we're going to
talk about some high-level strategies to
help users get access to the text data
this is also an important step to
convert raw big text data into small
random in the data that are actually
needed in a specific application so the
main question you address here is how
can a text information system help users
get access to the realm in the text data
we're going to cover two complementary
strategies push versus pull and then
we're going to talk about two ways to
implement the poor mode query
versus browsing so first push versus
poor these are two different ways to
connect the users with the right
information at the right time the
difference is which takes the initiative
which party takes the initiative in the
poor mode the users would take the
initiative to start the information
access process and in this case a user
typically would use a search engine to
fulfill the goal for example the user
may type in the query and then browse
the results to find the relevant
information so this is really
appropriate for satisfying users of
information in an acting formation
either is a temporary information need
for example you want to buy a product so
you'll suddenly have a need
to read reviews about related products
but after you have collected information
have purchased your product you
generally no longer need a such
information so it's a temporary
information needed in such a case it's
very hard for a system to predict to
your need and it's more appropriate for
the users to take the initiative and
that's why search engines are very
useful today because many people have
many other information needs all the
time
so as we're speaking Google properties
process in many queries from us and
those are all or mostly arrow
information needs so this is the poor
mode in contrast in the push mode the
system would take the initiative to push
the information to the user or to
recommend information to the user so in
this case this is usually supported by a
recommender system now this would be
appropriate if the user has a stable
information for example you may have a
research interest in some topic and that
interest tends to stay for a while so
it's relatively stable your hobby is
another example of a stable information
need in such a case the system can
interact with you and can learn your
interest and then can monitor the
information stream if it is the system
has seen in irrelevant items to you
interest the system could then take the
initiative to recommend information to
you so for example a news filter or news
recommender system could monitor the
news stream and identify interesting
news to you and simply push the news
articles to you this mode of information
access may be also appropriate when the
system has good knowledge about the
users need and this happens in the
search context so for example when you
search for information on the web a
search engine might infer you might be
also interesting some related
information and they would recommend in
from
so that should remind you for example
advertisement place the research of age
so this is about the two high level
strategies or two modes of texture
access now let's look at the poor mode
in more detail in the poor mode we can
further distinguish in two ways to help
users query versus browsing the inquiry
a user would just end up query typically
keyword query and the search engine
system would return randomly documents
to users and this works well when the
user knows what exactly are the keywords
to be used so if you know exactly what
you're looking for you tend to know the
right keywords and then query will work
very well and we do that all the time
but we also know that sometimes it
doesn't work so well when you don't know
the right keywords reduce in the query
or you want to browse information in
some topic area in this case browsing
would be more useful so in this case in
the case of browsing the users would
simply navigate into the relevant
information by following the path is
supported by the structures on documents
so the system would maintain some kind
of structures and then the user could
follow these structures to navigate so
this strategy works well when the user
wants to explore the information space
or the user doesn't know what are the
keywords to use in the query or simply
because the user finds it inconvenient
to type in a query so even if a user
knows what query to type in if the user
is using a cellphone to search for
information then it's still hard to
enter the query in such a case again
browsing tends to be more convenient the
relationship between browsing and the
query is best understood by making
analogy to the sightseeing imagining if
you are touring the city now if you know
the exact address of attraction then
taking a taxi there is perhaps the
fastest way and you can go directly to
the site but if you don't know the exact
address you may need to walk around or
you can take a taxi to a nearby place
and then walk around it turns out that
we do exact the same in the information
space if you know exactly what you are
looking for then you can use the right
keywords in your query to finally
implement in directory that's usually
the fastest way to do final information
but what if you don't know the exact
keywords to use well your query probably
won't work so well you will end on some
related pages and then you need to also
walk around in the information space
meaning by following the links or by
browsing you can then finally get into
the relevant page if you want to learn
about topic again you know what you will
likely do a lot of browsing so just like
you are looking around in some area and
you want to see some interesting
attractions in a related in the same
region so this analogy also tells us
that today we have very good spot for
query but we don't really have good spot
for browsing and this is because in
order to browse effectively we need a
map to guide us just like you need a map
of Chicago the two of the city of
Chicago you need a copula map to tour
the information space so how to
construct such a topic map is in fact a
very interesting research question that
likely will bring us more interesting
browsing spans on the web or in other
applications so to summarize this
lecture we have talked about the two
high-level strategies for texture access
push and pour push tends to be supported
by recommender system and poor tends to
be supported by a search engine of
course in a sophisticated
inheriting the information system we
should combine the two in the poor mode
we can further this movie
query and browsing again we generally
want to combine the two ways to help
users so that you can support both query
and browsing if you want to know more
about the relationship between poor and
push you can read this article this
gives excellent discussion of the
relationship between information
filtering and information retrieval here
information filtering is similar to
information recommendation or the push
mode of information access